# -Digital-Marketing-and-its-methods
                     Digital  Marketing and its methods  Digital Marketing is the act of selling and promoting products and services by using platforms like Social Media, Email Marketing, search engines etc. It helps to get more customers than traditional marketing by choosing its target customers rather than focusing on all. Nowadays, people prefer to choose products from online and buying their required product.  It is a method that connects your products or services to the customers. Customers can see you through any media and contact you and maintain a business relationship with you.  How Digital Marketing works        In a company there are different departments and work on different areas, but they aim to make the company successful.            Similarly, Digital marketing uses various techniques and strategies to get customers to your company. There are Seven strategies of Digital Marketing.  Search Engine Optimization                   If customers search for anything in google search, then they will get required information in the first two pages only. Here SEO plays an important role to get your website in the first two pages.          The most important thing in Digital Marketing is to make your website SEO friendly. Without it, you are back in the search. The implementation of SEO is free and gradually improve the website traffic.  Pay- Per-Click         Pay- Per-Click is an online advertisement and pays when the user clicks on it. It is the easiest way to gain traffic for your website and not considered as organic traffic.  Website Marketing        Website Marketing is the way of promoting the business to get the more customers. More customers mean more opportunities to convince customers to make purchase. Make sure that website should contain all the information about the products so that they can make the final purchase.  Content Marketing        Content is a king in the Digital Marketing. It is used to build your brand, attract customers and convince them to buy.         Some forms of the Content Marketing are Blog posting, Social media posting, reviews etc.  Social Media Marketing         Social Media Marketing is a platform to promote or share the products of your business. Apart from this, you can run ads, posting texts and engage customers.            With increasing users of the Social media, it is considered as effective and trending platforms.  Email Marketing          Email Marketing is the act of sending commercial messages to a specific group of people. This Email Marketing consists of newsletters, promotions and offers about the products and services of the business.           This is not often considered as an effective resource but used to stay in touch with existing customers.  Affiliate Marketing          Affiliate Marketing is the promotion of products of other companies Businesses appoint them  to get potential costumers and recommend yours products by paying them. Through Affiliate Marketing business can get a larger audience.   Benefits of Digital Marketing It helps to promote your product or service and improve brand awareness. Converting of visitors to buyers and buyers to regular customers. It will reach target customers at low cost. Digital Marketing is the most powerful of marketing.     Although Digital Marketing is trendy and highly recommended, it is full of strategies. Due to high competition in the market one must use the right strategies and proper skills to attain success in the business.   Kode Campus, Hyderabad is the leading training institute for Digital Marketing. This course is a highly practical and transform you to expertise all the domains in the Digital Marketing. It covers basics to advanced topics of the digital Marketing and land you in the right job. This course also provides a real life project where you can learn and built the Practical skills.                                     
